docs: bring readme/contributing up to organization standards (#1797)
shabados/database: README.md

[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![NPM Downloads][downloads-image]][downloads-url]
[![Release][release-image]][release-url]
[![Next Release][next-image]][next-url]

**Table of Contents**

- [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
    - [Proofreading Flow [GIF]](#proofreading-flow-gif)
    - [Database Schema Layout](#database-schema-layout)
    - [NPM JS package API [GIF]](#npm-js-package-api-gif)
- [Community](#community)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [People](#people)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
- [Related Projects](#related-projects)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#license)
- [Gurbani and Panthic Compositions](#gurbani-and-panthic-compositions)
  - [Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji](#sri-guru-granth-sahib-ji)
  - [Sri Dasam Granth](#sri-dasam-granth)
  - [Bhai Gurdaas Ji](#bhai-gurdaas-ji)
  - [Bhai Nand Laal Ji](#bhai-nand-laal-ji)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Introduction

Shabad OS Database is an open source project with ongoing development, project management, and marketing made possible entirely by the support and dedication of unpaid volunteers.

### Features

- Open-source

>   - Content, history, and modifications are publicly accessible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Content, history, and modifications are publicly accessible & auditable

```

Author: To make multiline suggestions, just hold and drag the plus symbol

>   - Transparency is more accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - More accountable through transparency (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)
```

Author: The only reason I wouldn't commit this is because there is a clear pattern between the lines above and below it in the same indent level of "Subject *is* something"

Reviewer: Any suggestions for other wording? I don't think it quite makes sense like this

Author: ```suggestion
  - Public source code is more accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)

```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Content change history is transparent & accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)
```

Author: Isn't that what the first bullet point, the line before this, says?

> Content, history, and modifications are publicly accessible
> Content change history is transparent & accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)

Author: Basically trying to say that because this is all publicly accessible, we can be held accountable more transparently/easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Transparency through open-source is more accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)
```

Maybe this is better

> - Open-source
>   - Content, history, and modifications are publicly accessible
>   - Transparency is more accountable (i.e. anyone can verify integrity)
>   - Duplication of effort among different parties is reduced
>   - Sustainability and longevity of project is improved
> - Quality / Accuracy

Author: ```suggestion
- Open-source
  - Content, history, and modifications are transparent
  - Duplication of effort among different parties is reduced
  - Sustainability and longevity of project is improved
- Quality / Accuracy
```
